# Normal settings

vehicle_mash.enable_crafts (Allows crafting vehicles) bool true

#	When enabled, all vehicles are disabled and this mod will be only
#	used for API functions/purpose. Because this mod has very good API functions
#	for registering vehicles, somebody may use this option in their server.
vehicle_mash.api_mode (Disables all vehicles and only enables API functions) bool true

# CAR01's cars

vehicle_mash.enable_black_car (Enables black car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_blue_car (Enables blue car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_brown_car (Enables brown car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_cyan_car (Enables cyan car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_dark_green_car (Enables dark green car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_dark_grey_car (Enables dark grey car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_green_car (Enables green car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_grey_car (Enables grey car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_magenta_car (Enables magenta car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_orange_car (Enables orange car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_pink_car (Enables pink car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_red_car (Enables red car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_violet_car (Enables violet car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_white_car (Enables white car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_yellow_car (Enables yellow car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_hot_rod_car (Enables hot rod car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_nyan_ride_car (Enables nyan ride car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_oerkki_bliss_car (Enables oerkki bliss car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_road_master_car (Enables road master car) bool false

# Mese cars

vehicle_mash.enable_mese_blue_car (Enables Mese Blue car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_mese_pink_car (Enables Mese Pink car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_mese_purple_car (Enables Mese Purple car) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_mese_yellow_car (Enables Mese Yellow car) bool false

# Boats

vehicle_mash.enable_boat (Enables Vehicle Mash's boat) bool true
vehicle_mash.enable_rowboat (Enables rowboat) bool true

# Hovercraft

vehicle_mash.enable_hover_blue (Enables blue hover) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_hover_green (Enables green hover) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_hover_red (Enables red hover) bool false
vehicle_mash.enable_hover_yellow (Enables yellow hover) bool false
